Update prevent-changes-to-security-settings-with-tamper-protection.md (#6835)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/prevent-changes-to-security-settings-with-tamper-protection.md

- Windows Server 2016
- Windows Server 2012 R2

> [!NOTE]Tamper protection on Windows Server 2012 R2 is available for devices onboarded using the modern unified solution package. For more information, see https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs/blob/public/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-server-endpoints.md#new-functionality-in-the-modern-unified-solution-for-windows-server-2012-r2-and-2016-preview 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Tamper protection in Windows Server 2012 R2 is available for devices onboarded using the modern unified solution package. For more information, see [New functionality in the modern unified solution for Windows Server 2012 R2 and 2016 Preview](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-server-endpoints?view=o365-worldwide#new-functionality-in-the-modern-unified-solution-for-windows-server-2012-r2-and-2016-preview).
```
